README.md, before:

# Palette Insight Webservice

## Starting the webservice

```bash
cd server
go build && ./server
```

or on Windows:

```
cd server
go build
server.exe
```

This starts the webservice on:

- if the ```PORT``` environment variable is set, then on the port specified by that
- if it isnt set, then on port 9000


## User authentication

On startup, the server tries to load all licenses from:

- if the ```INSIGHT_LICENSES_PATH``` environment variable is set, then from the directory it points to
- if it isnt set, the license files are loaded from the 'licenses' subdirectory inside the server executables directory

The usernames are the ```licenseId``` field of the license, the authentication token is the ```token``` field of the license.

## Setting the upload path

The ```INSIGHT_UPLOAD_HOME``` environment variable describes the root directory where the uploads are kept. If its not
set, the ```$TEMP/uploads`` is used. 

For example:

```bash
INSIGHT_UPLOAD_HOME=/opt/insight-server/uploads PORT=8080 INSIGHT_LICENSES_PATH=/opt/insight-server/licenses ./server
```

## Checking if the service is running

```
$ curl http://localhost:9000/
PONG
```

## Uploading a file

See the openAPI documentation inside the docs/generated folder

## API Documentation

A basic documentation using OpenAPI is available in the docs folder, or
a HTML-ized version is available in the docs/generated folder.


## Tests

Due to the quick pace of the development, the existing tests have been scrapped for the most part.

Running them:

```bash
$ go test
PASS
ok      github.com/palette-software/insight-server      0.064s
```

Commit message:

fix: use %s for displaying the maxid instead of %v

README.md, after:

# Palette Insight Webservice

## Starting the webservice

```bash
cd server
go build && ./server
```

or on Windows:

```
cd server
go build
server.exe
```

This starts the webservice on:

- if the ```PORT``` environment variable is set, then on the port specified by that
- if it isnt set, then on port 9000


## User authentication

On startup, the server tries to load all licenses from:

- if the ```INSIGHT_LICENSES_PATH``` environment variable is set, then from the directory it points to
- if it isnt set, the license files are loaded from the 'licenses' subdirectory inside the server executables directory

The usernames are the ```licenseId``` field of the license, the authentication token is the ```token``` field of the license.

## Setting the upload path

The ```INSIGHT_UPLOAD_HOME``` environment variable describes the root directory where the uploads are kept. If its not
set, the ```$TEMP/uploads`` is used. 

For example:

```bash
INSIGHT_UPLOAD_HOME=/opt/insight-server/uploads PORT=8080 INSIGHT_LICENSES_PATH=/opt/insight-server/licenses ./server
```

## MaxIds

For streaming tables, the webservice provides an endpoint and upload integration:

* the agent sends a ```maxid``` field with the streaming table CSV files, which designates the last record sent by the agent from
  that table

```
POST /upload?pkg=public&table=http_requests&maxid=abcdef123
```

* later the agent can retrieve this ```maxid``` for the specific table by:

```
GET /maxid?table=http_requests
```
 
* ```maxid``` must be a string


## Checking if the service is running

```
$ curl http://localhost:9000/
PONG
```

## Uploading a file

See the openAPI documentation inside the docs/generated folder

## API Documentation

A basic documentation using OpenAPI is available in the docs folder, or
a HTML-ized version is available in the docs/generated folder.


## Tests

Due to the quick pace of the development, the existing tests have been scrapped for the most part.

Running them:

```bash
$ go test
PASS
ok      github.com/palette-software/insight-server      0.064s
```
